Which is the latest version of Angular
What are the angular version have you worked
Lifecycle hooks of Angular
Difference between Constructor and NgOnInit
How to improve performance of Angular Applications
Ho wto make angular Application more Secure
AOT Compilation in Angular
Transpiler?
Chained Pipes
Create custom pipe in Stackblitz?
Create custom directive using Stackblitz
What are the observables
What are template driven forms and reactive forms in Angular?
What is RXJS in Angular?
What are the design Patterns in Angular?
What is NGRX? How it works? Why is it need to use it in Project?
What is ForkJoin and MergeMap?
Explain Decorators?
Explain Directives in Angular?
What is Typescript? Why we can use it over Javascript?
What is difference between Directive and Component?
What is Module
What is Lazy Loadinh
How to improve performance of Angular Application
What is Angular CLI
What is Dependancy Injection?
What is the use of HTTPClient 
What are pipes
What are parameterized Pipes?
Difference between Observable and Promise?
RXJS Operators?
Angular Router?
Router Outlet?
What is JIT compilation?
Diff between JIT and AOT Compilation?
How to migrate Angular Application?
What is the Provider?
What are reactive forms?
What are template driven forms?
What is Content Projection?
Subject and Observable diff?
Diff in Javascript and Angular?
Is javascript is secure?
In Angular want to show external link on tablet in new tab and on phone same tab. What to do?
Any suggestion have you provide to give as per customer feedback to make better application?
For Unit testing? What have you used?
Functional Testing?
Cypress?
Angular Signals?
Module Fedration
Have you worked on project where 2-3 src is maintained then how to run which project how angular will understand?
angular.json
How project excute in angular what is starting point?
In angular 17 we don't use main.ts how it is happened?
Diff in Angular 10 and Angular 17?
Diff in Div and Ng-Container?
I want to call 5 API when all excute it should display the result then which RXJs operator you can use?
ES6 longform
Which is the latest version of ES?
If want to load dynamic data in angular in html file what needs to use? (template or templateOutlet - explore more on this?)
